;feral_descr_ai_personality.txt DO NOT REMOVE THIS LINE, IT IS NEEDED FOR THE IDE PLUGIN TO WORK


building_priority Balanced
population_growth_bonus 80
population_loyalty_bonus 64
population_health_bonus 32
trade_base_income_bonus 32
trade_level_bonus 64
trade_fleet 48
taxable_income_bonus 80
mine_resource_level 16
farming_level 48
road_level 48
gate_strength 16
gate_defenses 16
wall_level 64
tower_level 16
stage_games 48
stage_races 48
weapon_bladed 32
weapon_missile 32
armour 32
population_fire_risk_bonus 16
bodyguard 48
recruits_morale_bonus 32
recruits_experience_bonus 64
happiness_bonus 48
law_bonus 48

building_priority Trader
population_growth_bonus 80
population_loyalty_bonus 32
population_health_bonus 48
trade_base_income_bonus 64
trade_level_bonus 64
trade_fleet 48
taxable_income_bonus 80
mine_resource_level 48
farming_level 64
road_level 80
gate_strength 16
gate_defenses 16
wall_level 48
tower_level 16
stage_games 64
stage_races 64
weapon_bladed 64
weapon_missile 64
armour 64
population_fire_risk_bonus 16
bodyguard 48
recruits_morale_bonus 32
recruits_experience_bonus 64
happiness_bonus 48
law_bonus 48

building_priority Religious
population_growth_bonus 80
population_loyalty_bonus 80
population_health_bonus 32
trade_base_income_bonus 32
trade_level_bonus 32
trade_fleet 48
taxable_income_bonus 80
mine_resource_level 48
farming_level 64
road_level 48
gate_strength 16
gate_defenses 16
wall_level 64
tower_level 16
stage_games 64
stage_races 16
weapon_bladed 48
weapon_missile 48
armour 48
population_fire_risk_bonus 16
bodyguard 48
recruits_morale_bonus 64
recruits_experience_bonus 48
happiness_bonus 32
law_bonus 64

building_priority Comfortable
population_growth_bonus 80
population_loyalty_bonus 64
population_health_bonus 64
trade_base_income_bonus 48
trade_level_bonus 64
trade_fleet 48
taxable_income_bonus 48
mine_resource_level 16
farming_level 80
road_level 64
gate_strength 16
gate_defenses 16
wall_level 64
tower_level 16
stage_games 80
stage_races 80
weapon_bladed 32
weapon_missile 32
armour 32
population_fire_risk_bonus 32
bodyguard 48
recruits_morale_bonus 32
recruits_experience_bonus 64
happiness_bonus 64
law_bonus 32

building_priority Bureaucrat
population_growth_bonus 64
population_loyalty_bonus 48
population_health_bonus 64
trade_base_income_bonus 64
trade_level_bonus 48
trade_fleet 48
taxable_income_bonus 80
mine_resource_level 16
farming_level 64
road_level 64
gate_strength 16
gate_defenses 16
wall_level 64
tower_level 16
stage_games 16
stage_races 16
weapon_bladed 32
weapon_missile 32
armour 32
population_fire_risk_bonus 32
bodyguard 64
recruits_morale_bonus 32
recruits_experience_bonus 64
happiness_bonus 32
law_bonus 64

building_priority Craftsman
population_growth_bonus 64
population_loyalty_bonus 32
population_health_bonus 64
trade_base_income_bonus 64
trade_level_bonus 48
trade_fleet 32
taxable_income_bonus 80
mine_resource_level 64
farming_level 48
road_level 64
gate_strength 48
gate_defenses 48
wall_level 80
tower_level 48
stage_games 48
stage_races 80
weapon_bladed 64
weapon_missile 64
armour 64
population_fire_risk_bonus 32
bodyguard 48
recruits_morale_bonus 32
recruits_experience_bonus 64
happiness_bonus 48
law_bonus 48

building_priority Sailor
population_growth_bonus 64
population_loyalty_bonus 32
population_health_bonus 48
trade_base_income_bonus 64
trade_level_bonus 48
trade_fleet 80
taxable_income_bonus 80
mine_resource_level 16
farming_level 48
road_level 64
gate_strength 48
gate_defenses 48
wall_level 80
tower_level 48
stage_games 48
stage_races 32
weapon_bladed 32
weapon_missile 32
armour 16
population_fire_risk_bonus 48
bodyguard 32
recruits_morale_bonus 64
recruits_experience_bonus 48
happiness_bonus 48
law_bonus 32

building_priority Fortified
population_growth_bonus 64
population_loyalty_bonus 64
population_health_bonus 48
trade_base_income_bonus 48
trade_level_bonus 48
trade_fleet 32
taxable_income_bonus 80
mine_resource_level 16
farming_level 48
road_level 148
gate_strength 64
gate_defenses 64
wall_level 80
tower_level 64
stage_games 16
stage_races 16
weapon_bladed 48
weapon_missile 48
armour 64
population_fire_risk_bonus 48
bodyguard 64
recruits_morale_bonus 64
recruits_experience_bonus 32
happiness_bonus 32
law_bonus 64


;;; Military Priorities
military_priority smith
mass 64
infantry_light 64
infantry_heavy 64
infantry_missile 64
infantry_spearmen 64
cavalry_light 64
cavalry_heavy 64
cavalry_missile 64
siege_artillery 64
special 64
sally_agression 15
sally_desperate 80
attack_risk_taker 2
subterfuge_risk_taker 1

military_priority mao
mass 80
infantry_light 80
infantry_heavy 64
infantry_missile 56
infantry_spearmen 64
cavalry_light 64
cavalry_heavy 48
cavalry_missile 64
siege_artillery 48
special 48
sally_agression 35
sally_desperate 20
attack_risk_taker 2
subterfuge_risk_taker 0

military_priority genghis
mass 48
infantry_light 64
infantry_heavy 56
infantry_missile 48
infantry_spearmen 48
cavalry_light 72
cavalry_heavy 48
cavalry_missile 80
siege_artillery 48
special 48
sally_agression 90
sally_desperate 99
attack_risk_taker 2
subterfuge_risk_taker 4

military_priority stalin
mass 48
infantry_light 64
infantry_heavy 80
infantry_missile 64
infantry_spearmen 48
cavalry_light 64
cavalry_heavy 64
cavalry_missile 48
siege_artillery 80
special 48
sally_agression 50
sally_desperate 50
attack_risk_taker 2
subterfuge_risk_taker 2

military_priority napoleon
mass 48
infantry_light 56
infantry_heavy 56
infantry_missile 64
infantry_spearmen 64
cavalry_light 80
cavalry_heavy 64
cavalry_missile 48
siege_artillery 64
special 48
sally_agression 50
sally_desperate 50
attack_risk_taker 2
subterfuge_risk_taker 7

military_priority henry
mass 56
infantry_light 64
infantry_heavy 64
infantry_missile 72
infantry_spearmen 64
cavalry_light 72
cavalry_heavy 80
cavalry_missile 48
siege_artillery 48
special 48
sally_agression 80
sally_desperate 30
attack_risk_taker 2
subterfuge_risk_taker 3

military_priority caesar
mass 48
infantry_light 64
infantry_heavy 80
infantry_missile 64
infantry_spearmen 64
cavalry_light 72
cavalry_heavy 64
cavalry_missile 48
siege_artillery 72
special 48
sally_agression 60
sally_desperate 65
attack_risk_taker 2
subterfuge_risk_taker 6


;;; Diplomatic Priorities
diplomatic_priority default
aggresiveness 100


;;; Personalities
personality balanced_smith
building_priority Balanced
military_priority smith
diplomatic_priority default

personality religious_smith
building_priority Religious
military_priority smith
diplomatic_priority default

personality trader_smith
building_priority Trader
military_priority smith
diplomatic_priority default

personality bureaucrat_napoleon
building_priority Bureaucrat
military_priority napoleon
diplomatic_priority default

personality comfortable_napoleon
building_priority Comfortable
military_priority napoleon
diplomatic_priority default

personality fortified_napoleon
building_priority Fortified
military_priority napoleon
diplomatic_priority default

personality trader_napoleon
building_priority Trader
military_priority napoleon
diplomatic_priority default

personality sailor_napoleon
building_priority Sailor
military_priority napoleon
diplomatic_priority default

personality balanced_mao
building_priority Balanced
military_priority mao
diplomatic_priority default

personality fortified_mao
building_priority Fortified
military_priority mao
diplomatic_priority default

personality trader_henry
building_priority Trader
military_priority henry
diplomatic_priority default

personality fortified_henry
building_priority Fortified
military_priority henry
diplomatic_priority default

personality balanced_henry
building_priority Balanced
military_priority henry
diplomatic_priority default

personality religious_caesar
building_priority Religious
military_priority caesar
diplomatic_priority default

personality comfortable_caesar
building_priority Comfortable
military_priority caesar
diplomatic_priority default

personality balanced_genghis
building_priority Balanced
military_priority genghis
diplomatic_priority default

personality balanced_stalin
building_priority Balanced
military_priority stalin
diplomatic_priority default

personality trader_genghis
building_priority Trader
military_priority genghis
diplomatic_priority default

personality comfortable_smith
building_priority Comfortable
military_priority smith
diplomatic_priority default

personality balanced_caesar
building_priority Balanced
military_priority caesar
diplomatic_priority default

personality sailor_smith
building_priority Sailor
military_priority smith
diplomatic_priority default

personality religious_napoleon
building_priority Religious
military_priority napoleon
diplomatic_priority default

personality religious_genghis
building_priority Religious
military_priority genghis
diplomatic_priority default

personality bureaucrat_stalin
building_priority Bureaucrat
military_priority stalin
diplomatic_priority default

personality religious_stalin
building_priority Religious
military_priority stalin
diplomatic_priority default

personality fortified_caesar
building_priority Fortified
military_priority caesar
diplomatic_priority default

personality fortified_stalin
building_priority Fortified
military_priority stalin
diplomatic_priority default
